What is Android?
	An operating system for mobile apps owned by Google. Since it is built on Linux it is open source. It is used on phones, 
	tablets, TVs, Cars, and wearable devices. Android currently holds an 88% market share on smartphones alone. 

How do you track memory leaks?
	A memory leak is caused when an applicaiton is allocating more memory than is necessary to run. This can affect the 
	stability of a running application.  It may happen when switching between apps, when rotating orientation on a device, or 
	developer code inefficiencies. There are many tools available for monitoring how memory is allocated. If during an analysis
	of allocated memory it is noticed that the memory usage keeps increasing, then the determination is made that a memory leak
	exists. Some of the tools used to monitor memory usage are the log messages created by Davlik and ART, depending on the Android
	version being used. Usage can also be viewed in Android Studio using the Andoid Monitor tool. Overall memory allocations may 
	also be viewed using adb command (adb shell dumpsys meminfo com.google.android.apps.maps -d). There are also several third 
	party tools available for this tracking process. Another tool is to use the Android Device Manager from the tools meny. 
        This allows us to view all the files in explorer mode. During development, it is a good practice to stress the app code as much as 
	possible to determine if there are memory leaks. This may be done by switch quickly between apps, rotating orientation repeatedly, 
	or using the Monkey Test framework. In order to fix suspected memory, the Garbage Collector may be invoked manually through
	Android Studio. The best way to avoid memory leaks is to develop using the most efficient code possible. 

What are the ways you use to debug a program?
	To debug an Android app, we would use the debugger tool in Android Studio. We must use either a connected divice or an emmulator. 
	Once the debugger is launched form the toolbar, we would then launch the Android Monitor to view the system log while in debug 
	mode. We can also work with breakpoints to be able to test and analyze expressions seperately. Once paused on a breakpoint, 
	we take a look at all variables. There is a variables pane and a watches pane to inspect variables. The Watches pane is a list 
	of variables manually entered that persist between debugging sessions. Part of the debugging process also includes using the 
	Monitor tool to view memory allocation. We can also use the screen capture and video recording features of Android Studio
	to attach these to any bug reports. 

What is Android's architecture?
	Android's acrchitecture begins in the Application Layer. This high level layer is the installed applications like the phone, camera, etc. 
	The next layer includes the Android Framework and Managers. This is the Java API. Next comes the Core (Native)Libraries and Android Runtime (ART). 
	This layer is the Native Development Kit (NDK). After that comes the HAL, or Hardware Abtraction Layer. The last layer is the Linux Kernel, 
	which houses hardaware and device drivers like the sensors, camera, audio, etc. 

What is the difference between Dalvik and ART?
	Dalvik Virtual Machine and Android RunTime are components used to compile and launch applications. ART is the predecessor to Davlik. 
	It was introduced during KitKat 4.4 and replaced Davlik in Lolipop. There are several advantages with ART over Davlik as well as some
	cons. An advantages of ART over Devlik is the actual compilation approach (Just in Time over Ahead of Time approach). This means that 
	an app will open faster since the dex files are converted upon installation as opposed to each time the app is launched. This also saves
	batttery life. ART makes Android apps more comparable to iOS apps in regards to smoothness and responsiveness. A disadvantage of 
	ART over Devlik is that ART takes up more space, causing a problem for people with low space devices. Also, installing apps takes longer
	with ART.  

What are 9-patch images?
	These are stretchable images that automatically resize to accomodate its content. They are mostly used for buttons that contain text. 
	A 9-patch image contains a one pixel border and divides the image into 9 squares like a tic tac toe board. The 4 corners remain the 
	same and the inner 5 stretch and repeat to the correct size. 

How do you support phones and tablets?
	In order to support phones and tablets, the first thing to do is to use alternative layouts that reposition views. I would also use 
	the Fragment APIs, the Action Bar, and I would also implement flexible layouts. Fragments allow for the separation of components which
	can then be used to create multi-pane layouts for both phones and tablets. The Action bar provides a UI at the top of the screen to 
	identify the app and provide and user actions. Since not all tablets are the same size and not all phones are either, the use of flexible
	layouts allows the application to adapt to various screen sizes. 

How do you support multiple languages?
	Android SDK tools allow developers to create resource directories specific to any language or culture. Once it is decided which locations
	to support. We can add directory resources in addition to the default directories at the top level of the project. These resources are
	then referenced in the code either in the source code or other XML files like for the image view. 
	