What is a service?

	A service is a application component that runs in the background and does not use and interface. It can perform file input and output, 
	handle newtwork transactions, and play music, all in the background. 
		
Describe the types of services in Androd. 
	
	Three types of services are scheduled, started, and bound. A scheduled service is executed by a JobScheduler API to execute at a specific time. A started service
	is started by an activity using startService() and it runs indefinately in the background, even if the activity is destroyed. A bound service offers a clien-server
	interface which allows the service to interact with components. 

What is the intent service? 

	Intent service is a base class for services. It handles requests asynchroneously and once started, it shuts off automatically upon completion.
 
Service vs. intent service. 

	A Service is an application component for a longer-running operation while not interacting with the user or to supply functionality for other applications to use.

	IntentService Service is a base class for IntentService Services that handle asynchronous requests (expressed as Intents) on demand. Clients send requests 
	through startService(Intent) calls; the service is started as needed, handles each Intent in turn using a worker thread, and stops itself when it runs out of work.	

What is AIDL?

	Android Interface Definition Language - it allows defined programming interfaces to communicate with each other via interprocess communication (IPC). 
				           - it is used for allowing one application to access the memory of another.

What are bound services? 

	This service is used instead of AIDL if concurrent connections across different applications and multithreading is not needed. 

What is the IBinder? 

	This is the base interface for a remotable object. It is designed for high performance when interacting with in-process and cross-process calls. 

What is the sync adapter? 

	Encupsulates code for tasks that transfer data between the device and a server. 

What are services used for? 

	Used when something needs to run in the background. A good example is an app that plays music continuously.  

What is your favorite android app?  

	My favorite android app is Spotify. It is very user friendly and able to play songs I like by finding patterns in what I usually listen to. 